1. As Charlie (an Admin), I would like to create accounts for agencies, so that they can upload their clients' data and be able to view just the data they uploaded. 
2. As Charlie (an Admin), I would like to create accounts for CCS employees, so that they can generate all types of necessary reports based on aggregated data provided by the agencies. 
3. As Alice (an Agency Representative), I would like to upload an iCare file of multiple formats to the system, and have the user's information stored securely so that I do not worry about losing my local copy and so that the data can be stored in a central location for production of reports in the future. 
4. As Alice (an Agency Representative), I want all the data that I upload on behalf of my clients to be anonymized, as I do not want other agencies knowing and having access to confidential information about my specific clients and their needs. 
5. As David (CCS organization manager), I would like to generate the summary reports for all newcomers bi-annually, so that I can use the report to improve future newcomer service. 
6. As David (CCS organization manager), I would like to generate trend reports for all newcomers quarterly, so that I can see if the current distribution of funds is actually making an impact on the newcomers' lives. 
7. As Alice (an Agency Representative), I want to be able to update details regarding a certain client that belongs to the agency, as clients are constantly moving around, and details such as their address and contact info are consistently changing. 
8. As Alice (an Agency Representative), I want to be able to remove a certain user from the application, as they may no longer require any newcomer services or their circumstances have changed. 
9. As Bob (an Agency Supervisor), I would like to generate all the changes made to a specific client based on my agencies' data, so I can monitor what changes were made and which employee made them in order to identify issues quickly if they arise. 
10. As Ellie (an Agency Analyst), I would like for the application to let me know when it was unable to merge a field, so that I need to consult an admin to resolve this conflict and allow the correct info to get chosen. 
11. As Alice (an Agency Representative), I want to be able to upload multiple Excel spreadsheets to the system at a time, so that I can save time when uploading information. 
12. As David (CCS organization manager), I would like to be able to export my summary reports as a PDF, so that I can easily share this report with the necessary parties and ensure that the quality and the appearance of the report is the same as how I view it. 
13. As Ellie (an Agency Analyst), I would like for the application to automatically merge postal codes and phone numbers if the only difference is their format, so that I don't need to worry which format the first uploaded document was in. 
14. As Charlie (an Admin), I would like to be able to validate and manually merge data, when conflicts arise upon updating a client that already exists in the system, and this is performed by me to ensure that the data still remains anonymous to the agencies. 
15. As Bob (an Agency Supervisor), I would like to know a timestamp and the details of which employee made the changes, so if mistakes or issues arise, the appropriate individual can be contacted.