USER STORIES

As Alice (an Agency Representative), I would like to create my own account for the applications, so that I can upload my clients files.

As Alice (an Agency Representative), I would like to upload a file to the system, and have the users information stored securely so that I can not worry about losing my local copy.

As Bob (an Agency Supervisor), I would like to access all the uploaded data from my employees, so that I can generate trend reports on my own.

As Charlie (an Agency Analyst), I would like to generate summary report for all fields in my agencies' uploaded documents.

As Ellie (an Agency Analyst), I would like for the application to automatically merge postal codes if the only difference is their format, so that I don't need to worry which format the first uploaded document was in.

As Ellie (an Agency Analyst), I would like for the application to automatically merge phone numbers if the only difference is their format, so that I don't need to worry which format the first uploaded document was in.

As Ellie (an Agency Analyst), I would like for the application to let me know when it was unable to merge a field, so that I can review and select the correct information, ensuring no bad data is stored.

As David (CCS organization manager), I would like to view the summary reports for all newcomers quarterly, so that I can use the report to improve future newcomer service.

As Ellie (an Agency Analyst), I would like the application to tell me which cell in the file has formatting issue, so that I can spot the issue and resolve it.

As Charlie (an Agency Analyst), I would like to upload data files for different service streams my agency provides, so that the data will enter the system correctly.

As Bob (an Agency Supervisor), I would like to know a timestamp and the details of which employee made the changes, so if mistakes or issues arise, the appropriate individual can be contacted.

As Alice (an Agency Representative), I would like to upload specifically iCare spreadsheets, as that is the template that I have access to, and the upload process should be seamless.

As David (CCS organization manager), I would like to be able to produce trend reports, so that I can see the changes of newcomers' needs over a certain period of time, and adjust my services and funding accordingly.

As Alice (an Agency Representative), I want all the data that I upload on behalf of my clients to be anonymized, as I do not want other agencies knowing and having access to confidential information about my specific clients and their needs.

As Alice (an Agency Representative), I want to be able to remove a certain user from the application, as they may no longer require any newcomer services or their circumstances have changed.

As Alice (an Agency Representative), I want to be able to update details regarding a certain user in the application, as clients are constantly moving around, and details such as their address and contact info are consistently changing.
